hey everyone this is LNS here i'm doing
a online battle comentary oops I'm sorry
I mean I'm gonna do a unboxing video for
children to collectors edition so I'm
just going to open this baby up and I'm
show you guys what is inside all right
come i trusty scissors and just open it
sorry for the video forth in mine I
gotta take em for like two bucks so four
different guys yeah I'm just taking out
the box
all right here go the Box 360 we get the
you get the Shogun to add vote you get a
Takeda Shingen damn you figurine and I
look at the meter edition of the game
with some the hitori clan alright some
guys gonna open this baby up nice box
hold on
all right just open yourself take a look
at it inside see the box whatever always
the game iteration of the game sorry for
background noise you go okay yeah sexy
is the back the game and see what else
is in there you go just the up book
suppose and check out up
Oh try to get out I don't zoom all right
here we go all right just the opposite
all right there you go it's a snake pick
up what you can get in the loop for the
collectors edition just going to
document this fitting webcam sucks all
right here we go spin nice actually
there we go now i'm going to open up the
box just another ducks inside so it's
quite a figure inside so it's just empty
box into this aside yeah this is what
you want I'm open it up trustee see this
captain Phil all right here we go oh
yeah can you hear the sound guy
there we go
this box give you this guy's ass oh my
god distance awesome take a look at
these guys I'm going to open it up all
right hold on once again sorry for my
chicken
sorry for my camera there we go here is
a look at it
it's pretty heavy too I'm still two
hours away from being able to unlock the
game on steam so i'll make some dado
commentary's when i play so be sure to
subscribe and rate command no just on
check out my channel and so here is all
right i'll see you guys soon hope you
enjoy the video you know ok god damn it
by the collectors edition now if you
have to alright see you guys